README.md, before:

# StudentSurveyNaturalLanguageProcessing
As of 11/7/23 This is my current project
**Repository and File Information**
- NLP_Courses.ipynb: The current code base for all Python code regarding cleaning data and model

- TestData.csv: Sample Data. Due to FERPA, I can not publish real student data/survey that we will train the model on. To this end, I have used chatGPT to generate data to train my model for this demo.
  
- ReadME.MD: This file 
  
- .ipynb_checkpoints: Ignore this, these are just some checkpoints for my Jupyter Notebook file
  
**Project Story**

- Large online courses have surveys that instructors need to manually sort through which may take hours of time, and for certain MOOCs may be borderline impossible
  
- Dr. Mayer, a professor I have researched with and my former Linear Algebra and Multivariable Calculus professor brought this problem up with me.
  
- To reduce instructor effort in large courses, this project serves to categorize survey responses using machine learning and then automate the appropriate instructor action (send an email with a response to the FAQ) or flag certain responses that require instructor attention.
  
- I am working with Dr. Mayer on this project 

**Important Dates**

- 10/31/23: First Sprint Deadline (Minimum Viable Product) ✅

- 11/6/23: Proposal Deadline 🔵

- 4/15/23 -> 4/16/23: University System of Georgia Education Conference 🔵


**Current Progress**

- Sprint 1 complete, basic three-pronged classifier created with tensor flow.
  No major issues were detected in testing.
- Sprint 2 complete, 4-pronged classifier that combines various flows.
  Sprint 2 error: The model has been overfitted due to majority of data being NC it started categorizing every response as NC. 
  Possible Options to fix the problem in Sprint 2 (model categorizes everything as no concern due to a large amount of no concern within the data set):

    1. Organically make my data better by adding more options that have concerns and less options that are "no concern" #This would be the best for JUST this problem
    2. Data Augmentation (maybe just cloning?) #I think this might be the best option right now as far as long term expansion goes
    3. Changing to semi supervised learning
    4. Convert to a model that uses transfer learning instead

Commit message:

Updates Read me with sprint 3

README.md, after:

# StudentSurveyNaturalLanguageProcessing
As of 11/29/23 This is my current project
**Repository and File Information**
- NLP_Courses.ipynb: The current code base for all Python code regarding cleaning data and model

- TestData.csv: Sample Data. Due to FERPA, I can not publish real student data/survey that we will train the model on. To this end, I have used chatGPT to generate data to train my model for this demo.
  
- ReadME.MD: This file 
  
- .ipynb_checkpoints: Ignore this, these are just some checkpoints for my Jupyter Notebook file
  
**Project Story**

- Large online courses have surveys that instructors need to manually sort through which may take hours of time, and for certain MOOCs may be borderline impossible
  
- Dr. Mayer, a professor I have researched with and my former Linear Algebra and Multivariable Calculus professor brought this problem up with me.
  
- To reduce instructor effort in large courses, this project serves to categorize survey responses using machine learning and then automate the appropriate instructor action (send an email with a response to the FAQ) or flag certain responses that require instructor attention.
  
- I am working with Dr. Mayer on this project 

**Important Dates**

- 10/31/23: First Sprint Deadline (Minimum Viable Product) ✅

- 11/6/23: Proposal Deadline ✅

- 4/15/23 -> 4/16/23: University System of Georgia Education Conference 🔵


**Current Progress**

- Sprint 1 complete, basic three-pronged classifier created with tensor flow.
  No major issues were detected in testing.
- Sprint 2 complete, 4-pronged classifier that combines various flows.
  Sprint 2 error: The model has been overfitted due to majority of data being NC it started categorizing every response as NC. 
  Possible Options to fix the problem in Sprint 2 (model categorizes everything as no concern due to a large amount of no concern within the data set):

    1. Organically make my data better by adding more options that have concerns and less options that are "no concern" #This would be the best for JUST this problem
    2. Data Augmentation (maybe just cloning?) #I think this might be the best option right now as far as long term expansion goes
    3. Changing to semi supervised learning
    4. Convert to a model that uses transfer learning instead
- Sprint 3 ongoing, Data Augmentation and Data Equalization
